Valentine's Day it comes every year
whether you like it or not it's the day
when your love life is put on display I
like to send the dozen of those to the
barrel where there's always a chance for
romance or disaster okay I'm gonna go
now again it could be confusing it's
Valentine's Day today hello no it's a
Monday Valentine's Day always falls on a
Thursday lose your head that's
Thanksgiving they can be complicated
we're supposed to love can't be planned
love she's talking that but at the end
of the day it's all about love so how do
you guys feel about each other oh my
gosh I totally love him I'm crazy about
her
Steven wrote his number on my hand there
you have it young love full of promise
full of hope ignorant of reality my
father said to me you're never with a
woman that's too good for you there we
are I hope you know
[Music]
whose style you said no retreat no
surrender I think that was from a
jean-claude Van Damme
[Music]
greatest love song of all time rocking
wall a nice bye kiss that's a stripper
so
[Music]
yes another battle valentine's Day is
about anger disappointment love Oh
it's mating discretion Berkeley in
commitment I love it I love hype
loose special Valentine I have never had
but just don't tell the other kids we
had a date in the bars a little
inappropriate
[Music]